The Joe Rogan.
Experience. Rebel Wilson is committed to losing weight.
She's lost a ton of weight and people are mad at her.
Are they really? Yeah. They're mad at her because.
She's, they like her being big.
They like her being big because she's big and I'm big and everyone's big and
it's okay to be big. And I heard it's healthy to be big. And so like,
people are criticizing her for losing weight. Oh, they're Adele as well.
Oh really? Yeah. They said Adele.
They they're angry that Adele lost weight because they love the fact that she
was this huge musical superstar and she was obese.
And so she wanted to take care of her health. She's trying to be healthy,
live a little longer. And then you're.
You're turning.
On us. Well, she became a role model for certain people, I guess. And they.
<Laugh> be own bottle for you to get healthy. We can all get healthy. Yeah.
Come on, stay away from Tom's bread. <laugh> eat only meat.
Just don't eat it all the time. You just don't eat this all the time. Yes.
Well, I didn't gain any weight this weekend. Yeah. I didn't gain any weight.
I ate all that. And then, uh, I fasted Sunday night Uhhuh <affirmative> until,
uh, Monday I went to yoga Monday morning. Didn't eat, um,
until right before my first podcast and, uh, I didn't gain any weight at all.
That's great. Yeah, but you.
It's moderation moderation.
It's it's eating like over. But what was interesting was the pains back pain,
knee pain. What is that? It's inflammation. It's inflammation, right? Your,
your body does not want to have to process all that stuff. And they,
that may be the root for many people of a lot of causes of pain and discomfort
is just inflammation, heavy diet, right. Sugar, right.
Sugar is a big one.
So if you get all of that out of your system, your body can,
what go to work on the stuff it has to go to work on.
Yeah. You get all that outta your system and your body doesn't experience
inflammation, your food. Right.
And if you're eating food that like, you know, grass fed beef, you know,
or in my case, elk, you know, or, I mean,
I'm sure vegetables are not bad for you. I just did it to try to find what,
so I just did it to try to find out what it's like to only eat meat. Right.
And when you have no carbohydrates,
one of the things that's most amazing is that they're is no crashing.
You would eat and you don't feel any different after you ate,
other than the fact that you don't feel hungry, right? Like you don't crash,
right? There's no ups and downs and peaks and valleys.
My energy levels were amazing. Really that.
How quickly extra energy, how quickly?
Two weeks in two weeks in two weeks in, I noticed I felt amazing. Really?
And that was shedding with weight. I was shedding a lot of weight.
I think I was like seven pounds down. Two weeks in, geez.
Now I'm 12 pounds down. 12 ish, something like that.
I was 1 93 this morning. I was weighing about 2 0 5 before I started this diet.
Really?
Yeah. Wow.
Man. I feel a lot better, like a lot better. Really?
Yeah. Yeah. So what would you, what would you recommend?
Would you recommend people just do that? Or do you think you.
Moderate think that for people who have an autoimmune disorder, there are,
I do believe there are certain people that have an adverse reaction to some
plants, right? Some foods that's what an elimination diet is all about.
It's like trying to find out what are the things that bother you. Yeah. What,
but for me, it's like, what I did is I just took a lot of multivitamins.
I took a, a bunch of different vitamins and nutrients supplements.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> on top of this carnivore diet. So I'm only eating meat,
but then I'm taking all the essential vitamins and amino acids.
And I'm also taking fish oil.
So I I'm covering all my nutritional bases bases. Right.
But I'm not doing it with food. I'm not doing it with plants.
I'm only eating grass, fed meat and then I'm or, or, uh, elk.
And then on top of that, I'm, I'm taking fat from like bacon, like bacon.
I need it fat because elk in particular is very lean. Really? If I'm eating elk,
if I eat grass fed beef, I'm fine. But with things like elk,
you really do need some extra.
Sources of fat. If you don't have fat, would, would you start to feel bad? Yeah.
Your body doesn't like it. No. Yeah.
Your body does not want a low fat diet with low carbohydrates.
It's there's a thing called rabbit starvation. Have you ever heard of that? No.
People got that in Antarctica. I, it was Antarctica in the cold,
cold climates where they were, uh, shooting rabbits and eating rabbits.
And they were literally starving to death.
Even though they were eating all these rabbits,
cuz the rabbits have no fat on 'em. So they're only eating this lean protein.
Right. But with no fat at all and you start feeling like. Yeah.
Different explorers have found that too. That yeah. You know, when they,
you know, were in places and trying to eat only the,
the foods that they could harvest off the, the land they're eating animals.
Like they had to take in fat. If you don't take in fat, you feel really bad.
Yeah. Yeah.
So a little bit. So you could balance it. So would you say
maybe 80%?
This is what I would say. Try it. Just try, just try it. AVO diet,
try it straight out. Right.
And I think you'll be amazed at how good you feel now. Here's the thing.
Is that a honeymoon thing?
Like what is it like if you extend that to 90 days or um,
you know, 365 days is that you're gonna feel like eventually. Right?
Is it gonna start breaking your body down? Right. I don't know.
I only have experience in 30 days,
but in my experience in 30 days it was enormously beneficial.
You did say something in your post about a explosive diarrhea.
It needs to have a new name.
<laugh> diarrhea's not strong enough for what I was experiencing for real. Yeah.
It was like someone was tapping into, uh, like an oil, like an oil. Well, geez.
I have pictures.
Pictures. So why was that happening?
Um, well I talked to Dr. Sean Baker. He wrote a book on the carnivore diet.
He's a physician, that's a carnivore diet advocate.
He's been eating this way for two years. Two years. Yep.
And he seems to think that it has to do with the colon adjusting to the fact
your body doesn't have any dietary fiber.
You're not taking in any rice or bread or anything.
That's gonna absorb the water. So your body's like your body's like,
what do I do with all this liquid? It's going out the. Woo.
But how long did that last?
Around two weeks. Two weeks.
Two weeks of rocket fuel coming outta your booty hole. Ah, geez.
But if you get through it,
you get through it and Toms is going through it right now. He is. Yeah, yeah,
yeah. He,
he sent me a text the other day saying this diary is astounding <laugh>.
Oh no.
Oh astonishing. That's he said astonishing.
Oh, not coffee. Is it? Cause you guys both drink coffee.
I I'm just asking just a general question. I mean.
So you guys both intake a lot, bro. It could be kinds of liquids,
whatever kinds of liquids are coming outta your butt. It's not normal.
I was really.
Getting excited about trying this <laugh> but.
Here's the thing at the end of that, it all goes away. Right. I mean,
at the end of two weeks, my body adjusted and now it's not a problem at all.
Really? Yeah. Not a problem at all now.
So what's breakfast steak.
Or eggs? Sometimes like this morning it was uh,
steak Uhhuh yesterday morning I ate six eggs, right? Yeah.
Just, just wh those down mm-hmm <affirmative> lunch. I.
Don't eat lunch. Don't eat lunch, usually eat two meals a day. Right?
And then the second meal is usually steak. No, the steak either elk or,
or a beef steak.
I think I've asked you this before, but when,
whenever I think about these diet things,
I always picture my family looking at me while they're eating pasta or eating.
Like, did you feel like an outlier at dinner with your family or?
No, they knew what I was doing. They'd made fun of me and. Right? No big deal.
Oh. Would eat and steak eat steak again. Right? My.
Kids are hilarious. Yeah. That's what I always, my kids mock me too. <laugh>.
That's good. That's healthy. Yeah. Yeah. Um, you know, they didn't mind. Yeah,
no, no. Nobody bothered. My wife didn't care. Everyone knew I was doing it.
So it was, it was okay. Right? Yeah.
Your wife's not like, come on, have ice cream with us. No.
Boy that'd be a problem if she was yeah. <laugh> you know, if it looks so good,
like ice cream looks good. Yeah. Yeah. <laugh> no, um, it was, uh,
it was an eyeopener, but here's thing. Yeah. I'm sorry.
Here's the thing about that. That,
that kind of stuff you kind of have to commit, right?
Like if you just say I'm gonna try to eat healthier. It's too loosely defined.
I.
Know,
I know I was doing the intermittent fasting and lost good
amount of weight.
And then it just kind of like plateaued and I feel like I'd like to be,
you know, like 10 pounds lighter and it's, I'm working out.
I'm doing all that stuff,
but I feel like it needs something to shock my system to go to.
It. Nothing will shock your system. Like this car invo diet. Yeah.
Including your butt hole. <laugh> but you will lose a lot of weight. I lost,
I mean, I lost a legitimate 12 pounds of fat. Wow. Just fat.
My face got thinner. Yeah. Like when I was washing my face,
I would feel actually it feels a little fatter now because I went through
Disneyland. <laugh>.
There's some Disney chunks, Disney.
Ice cream. I ate a lot of dessert. You just had bread.
I actually not really any fatter, but, but joking around.
Maybe I'm a little swollen. No, you look, you.
Look leaner. Well.
I was real. I, I was, you know, I was getting fat. I was developing a, a gut.
Like we did this weigh in thing and oh,
so many people mocked me <laugh> I was getting a gut though. My,
my stomach was like hanging out. And also when we came in here to, uh, do that,
I had my FA it was December 23rd and my family was in town and we had eaten like
pigs that day. Right. I was, I was B loaded,
considerably bloated with food as well. Cause it was nighttime.
We had a nighttime podcast. It was like 10 o'clock or something like that.
Right. It's pretty, pretty late podcast. Yeah.
Well we all took our clothes off and got on the scale. <laugh> um,
so I knew I was probably gonna do the carnivore diet anywhere,
but that was like, yeah, let's just do it. Let's just do it. Let's go.
There's like set it in my head. Let's just do it. Yeah.
So knowing that for the month of January, that was all that I was gonna eat.
Yeah.
That's that really helps if you're gonna try to something mm-hmm <affirmative>
to have like a real solid schedule, like sober October,
another perfect example for me lent. Yeah. When we do sober October,
we have one month. No booze, no pot, no nothing. Yeah.
There's something good about that. Where you have that month. Cause it.
Takes it out, all that kind of mushy brain stuff of oh, but maybe I'll just,
just now we're celebrating.
Yeah. We need a certain amount of rigidity occasionally. Yeah.
That's how you get done. Yeah. And uh, I mean, even if you are like writing,
if you said I am going to write every day for the month of February. Yeah.
You know, every day. Yeah. Like there's something to that. It's the routine.
Yeah. So something really beneficial.
I'm gonna write for one half an hour every day. If you do that. Yeah.
You get things done. It's really true. If you just decide,
I'm gonna go on a car, avoid diet for the next 30 days starting right now. Yeah.
And just count down on your calendar 30 days from now you'll lose weight and
you'll feel amazing. Yeah.
I'm I just don't know if it's a way to eat all the time.
No, that's the thing it's like,
it seems like an extreme thing that I would not be willing to maintain. Well,
you're the bread mask. Well, that's the thing. You're the Salton of sour.
That's why I want balance. I'm always searching for the right balance.
I think a great move is six days on one day off. That's what I think.
Six days on a rigid diet. One day where you,
you look forward to eating bread and pasta, drinking,
whatever you want and you know, have an ice cream and one day.